Add VSCode GitHub vulnerability to the list Supply Chain Compromises (#525)
cncf/sig-security: supply-chain-security/compromises/2021/vscode.md

# Misconfigured Dev and QA tool compromised

From the original article [1]:

> This month a researcher has disclosed how he broke into the official GitHub repository of Microsoft Visual Studio Code.

> A vulnerability in VS Code's issue management function and a lack of authentication checks enabled the researcher to obtain push access, and write to the repository.

## Impact

From the original article [1]:

> By injecting his basic PoC exploit into the VS Code's CI script which ran around midnight, the researcher obtained a reverse shell.

> Further, the researcher obtained the GitHub authorization token for VS Code repository that would give him write access to the repository.

> Eventually, after obtaining the token, the researcher posted a PoC commit to the repository

## Type of compromise

> Supply Chain Attack: "obtain push access, and write to the repository."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev tooling: "obtain push access, and write to the repository."  Source code repositories are considered part of the developer tooling.
```
